Over One Hundred Hackers Left Exhausted After Mechanical Problems Cripple Coffee Machines Hackers participating in the prestigious Six Hackathon in Zurich found themselves facing a situation many of them had only imagined could happen in their worst nightmares: Being Stuck without coffee.That’s precisely what happened, however, at the large software development competition as the machines supplying the event began to fail. Despite preventative measures taken by the organisers such as backup machines, the failures severely restricted the ability of the programmers to consume their favorite beverage.  At around 10 am, the first of three machines began to break down.  Despite their best efforts to keep it working, another machine had a technical malfunction just a few hours later, which was soon followed by its replacement.  The atmosphere was described by observers as “panicked”.  As lines to obtain the precious beverage got longer, tensions rose among participants concerned that they would be missing out the chance to obtain the stimulant they would need to complete their projects in time for the deadlines. Many expressed surprise that such a tragedy could happen in Zürich, Switzerland’s largest city which also happens to be known for its orgainisation.  Repair records say that of the tens of thousands of coffee machines in service in the Zurich area, only a few break down each day.  For more than one machine to break down at a single location in such a short short time of is unheard of. “At first it was manageable, I could get some work done by really concentrating. I skipped a few lines.  But by saturday evening the real tiredness started to kick in, “ said Marcel, one of the participants. “It was really bad. I thought I was going to fall asleep at my table.”  Other participants expressed their frustration at the fact that one of their most important requests before the event had been ignored. “I had asked for only one thing, that coffee machines be working, and they didn’t do it,” said Thomas, another participant. Authorities began investigating the case late Saturday afternoon after reports stating that the breakdowns were caused by criminal negligence.  As of now, according to one official who asked not to be named because he was not authorised to speak on the issue, no physical evidence has been found supporting this hypothesis.  To demonstrate true criminal negligence it would have to be proven that machine operators had deliberately left out several key. 